# BJCP Beer Style Guidelines

This package provides a JSON version of the [Beer Judge Certification Program](https://www.bjcp.org) style guidelines.

### 2015 Guidelines

Content is based on [official XML version](https://github.com/meanphil/bjcp-guidelines-2015).

### 2021 Guidelines

JSON version was build by parsing [official docx version](https://www.bjcp.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/2021_Guidelines_Beer.docx).  
Currently, only beer guidelines are available.

Some adaptation were necessary to allow a normalized data structure :

- **Category 27 - Historical Beer**  
  Provided styles have no code.  
  A code was generated by adding an incremented letter to category's code (27A, 27B, ...), keeping the document order.
- **Style 21B - Specialty IPA**  
  Although referenced as a style, it looks more like a category and contains different sub-styles with no code.  
  Sub-styles were parsed as regular styles with a code generated by adding an incremented letter to parent style's code (21Ba, 21Bb, ...), keeping the document order.  
  A `parentStyleId` key was also added to track hierarchical relation.
- **Vital Statistics** cannot always be parsed :
    - **Statistics match standard format but contain comments.**  
      Affected style : 23F  
      Comment was removed to allow standard parsing.  
      Original expression was appended to style description.
    - **Statistics match standard format but contain multiple values for some data.**  
      Affected style : 25B  
      When multiple data, extremum were kept.  
      Original statistics expression was appended to style description.
    - **Statistics don't match standard format.**  
      Affected styles : 21B, 27A, 28A, 28B, 28C, 29A, 29B, 29C, 30A, 30B, 30C, 30D, 31A, 31B, 32A, 32B, 34A, 34B, 34C  
      Nothing was parsed.  
      Original statistics expression was appended to style description.

### All content is Copyright © 2015 BJCP, Inc.

Please note that these materials represent a great deal of hard work on the part of a great many volunteers.  
You may not use these materials for any commercial purpose without permission.  
You are NOT authorized to copy and post these guidelines, in any form, either on the web or in print, without specific permission from the BJCP.

### Contribution

Any contribution is welcomed and would be highly appreciated.  
Please feel free to make a merge request, or to [open an issue](https://github.com/bgaze/bjcp-guidelines/issues/new).
